[DOC] Accessibility improvements to Using Strimzi guide (#3522)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/overview/con-overview-components-topic-operator.adoc

.Example architecture for the Topic Operator

> image:topic-operator.png[The Topic Operator manages topics for Kafka and ZooKeeper clusters via KafkaTopic resources]

Reviewer: "manages topics for the Zookeeper cluster"? I am not sure what that means? Topics don't apply to the ZK cluster?

> image:topic-operator.png[The Topic Operator manages topics for Kafka and ZooKeeper clusters via KafkaTopic resources]

Reviewer 2: I agree with @tomncooper. The Topic Operator connects to Zookeeper, but only to manage topics in Kafka. So IMHO it should be:

```suggestion
image:topic-operator.png[The Topic Operator manages topics for Kafka cluster via KafkaTopic resources]
```
